Correct Elastic Stack capitalization (#4557)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/upgrade-guide/elasticsearch-kibana-filebeat/index.rst

Upgrade Elasticsearch, Filebeat and Kibana
==========================================

> There are two installation types: Wazuh Elastic Stack and Wazuh Open Distro for Elasticsearch stack. Choose one of the options depending on your installation type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your installation, choose between Open Distro for Elasticsearch or Elastic Stack basic license, and follow the instructions to upgrade to the latest compatible version:
```
